at that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam
became sick and Jeroboam said to his
wife please arise in disguise yourself
that they may not recognize you as the
wife of Jeroboam and go to Shiloh indeed
a high of the Prophet is there who told
me that I would be king over this people
also take with you 10 loaves some cakes
and a jar of honey and go to him he will
tell you what will become of the child
and jeroboams wife did sir she arose and
went to Shiloh and came to the house of
a Hydra but a Hydra could not see for
his eyes were glazed by reason of his
age now the Lord had said to her hi Joan
here is the wife of Jeroboam coming to
ask you something about her son for he
is sick thus and thus you shall say to
him for it will be when she comes in but
she will pretend to be unknown
and so it was when a Hydra heard the
sound of her footsteps as she came
through the door he said come in wife of
Jeroboam why can you pretend to be
another person for I have been sent to
you with bad news
go tell tiara Bowen thus says the Lord
God of Israel because I exalted you from
among the people and made you ruler over
my people Israel and tore the kingdom
away from the house of David and gave it
to you and yet you have not been as my
servant David who kept my Commandments
and who followed me with all his heart
to do only what was right in my eyes but
you have done more evil then all who
were before you for you have gone and
made for yourself other gods and molded
images to provoke me to anger and have
cast me behind your back
therefore behold I will bring disaster
on the house Jeroboam and will cut off
from Jeroboam every male in Israel bond
and free I will take away the remnant of
the house of Jeroboam as one takes away
refuse until it is all gone the dogs
shall eat whoever belongs to Jeroboam
and dies in the city and the birds of
the air shall eat whoever dies in the
field for the Lord has spoken arise
therefore go to your own house when your
feet enter the city their child shall
die and all Israel shall mourn for him
and bury him
why he is the only one of Jeroboam who
shall come to the grave because in him
there is found something good toward the
Lord God of Israel in the house of
Jeroboam moreover the Lord will raise up
for himself a king of Israel who shall
cut off the house of Jeroboam this is
the day what even now for the Lord will
strike Israel as a reed is shaken in the
water he will uproot Israel from this
good land which he gave to their fathers
and will scatter them beyond the river
because they have made wooden images
provoking the Lord to anger and he will
give Israel up because of the sins of
Jeroboam who sinned and who made Israel
sin and jeroboams wife of rose and
departed and came to tearsa
when she came to the threshold of the
house the child died
and they buried him and all Israel mourn
for him according to the word of the
Lord which he spoke through his servant
per Hydra the prophet
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam how
he made war and how he rained indeed
they are written in the book of The
Chronicles of the kings of Israel the
period that Jeroboam reigned was
twenty-two years so he rested with his
father's
then nae tap his son reigned in his
place and Rehoboam the son of Solomon
reigned in Judah Rehoboam was 41 years
old when he became king he reigned 17
years in Jerusalem the city which the
Lord had chosen out of all the tribes of
Israel to put his name there his
mother's name was Nana an ammonite hiss
now Judah did evil in the sight of the
Lord and they provoked him to jealousy
with their sins which they committed
more than all that their fathers had
done for they also built for themselves
high places sacred pillars and wooden
images on every high hill and under
every green tree and there were also
perverted persons in the land they did
according to all the abominations of the
nations which the Lord had cast out
before the children of Israel it
happened in the fifth year of King
Rehoboam that Shishak king of Egypt came
up against Jerusalem and he took away
the treasures of the house of the Lord
and the treasures of the Kings house he
took away everything he also took away
all the gold shields which Solomon had
made then King Rehoboam
made bronze shields in their place and
committed them to the hands of the
captains of the guard who guarded the
doorway of the king's house and whenever
the King entered the house of the Lord
the guards carried them then brought
them back into the garden now the rest
of the acts re huh bones and all that he
did are they not written in the book of
the chronicles of the kings of Judah
and there was war between Rehoboam and
Jeroboam all their days so rehabbing
rested with his father's and was buried
with his father's in the City of David
his mother's name was named an ammonite
Asst then a Belgium his son reigned in
his place
[Music]
you